# Strategies for Growth

- Given our analysis in our iPython notebook, we recommend the following changes to the stakeholder:
    1. **Effective Targeting of Non-Subscribers**: As you will see see in our customer segmentation section in our analysis, the the volume of subscriber trips is much higher than the volume of non-subscriber trips during the weekday. Furthermore, the volume of subscriber trips is significantly higher than the volume of non-subscriber trips during peak hours (7-9, 17 - 19). As a means to increase volume of non-subscriber trips, we suggest to target bike-share stations that have signficantly lower volume of customers than subscribers by offering promtional short-term subscriptions such as a 5 day tourist subscription or a buy one trip get one free promotion. These suggestions as well will help to generate customer retention and a conversion to subscription. 
    2. **Two Part Pricing Model**: Since there is a higher demand for bikes during rush hour, we recommend creating a two part pricing model for peak vs. off-peak hours. For this model, we would set up a higher price for a trip during peak hours.
    3. **Inventory Strategy Postion**: Even though bikes are the most in demand during rush hour, the mean duration of the trip is generally smaller during rush hour time (6 - 9, 17 - 19) than the mean duration during non rush hour time. We suggest to the stakeholder to monitor the bike availability during peak hours and make sure it has the means to stock up bike inventory when inventory is low.

# Bike Share Dashboards
- We built a daily peak usage dashboard and a customer segmentation dashboard. Our daily peak usage widget digs further into the trip data of any Bike-share station of our choice and finds the total number of trips and average duration (in minutes) of those trips, grouped by hour. This widget visualizes the results using a scatterplot graph, with the hour as the x-axis, number of trips as the y-axis, and the average duration as the scatterplot size. Our Customer Segmentation Usage widget digs further into the trip data of any Bike-share station of our choice and finds the total number of trips and average duration (in minutes) of those trips, grouped by hour and subscriber type. The widget as well displays the total number of trips, grouped by day of week and subscriber type, and the mean duration of trips, grouped by day of week and subscriber type.